README.md, before:

# Aura Grow

A tiny educational app that visualizes compound vs simple interest growth using your wallet balance as the initial principal.

## Features

- **Web3 Wallet Connection**: Connect directly with popular wallets (MetaMask, Coinbase Wallet, WalletConnect)
- **Auto Wallet Sync**: Automatically updates when you switch accounts in your connected wallet
- **Wallet Integration**: Fetches total USD balance from AdEx AURA API using any EVM address or ENS name
- **Interactive Scenarios**: Compare compound vs simple interest across different rates (3%, 6%, 10%) and time periods (1-10 years)
- **Real-time Visualization**: Clean line chart showing growth over time
- **Smart Caching**: 1-hour cache for API responses to improve performance
- **Fallback Options**: Manual amount input when API is unavailable

## Setup

1. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Optional: Set API Keys** (for enhanced functionality):

   ```bash
   # Create .env file
   echo "VITE_AURA_API_KEY=your_api_key_here" > .env
   echo "VITE_WALLETCONNECT_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id_here" >> .env
   ```

3. **Start development server**:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Build for production**:
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

## Usage

1. **Connect Wallet** (Recommended): Click "Connect Wallet" to connect directly with your Web3 wallet
2. **Manual Entry**: Alternatively, enter an EVM wallet address (0x...) or ENS name manually
3. The app fetches your total USD balance from AdEx AURA
4. Use the scenario controls to explore different interest rates and time periods
5. Compare simple vs compound interest growth in the interactive chart

## API Integration

The app integrates with the AdEx AURA API to fetch wallet balances:

- **Endpoint**: `https://aura.adex.network/api/portfolio/balances?address=<addr>[&apiKey=<key>]`
- **Caching**: Responses are cached for 1 hour in memory + localStorage
- **Fallback**: If API fails, you can enter a manual amount

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18 + TypeScript + Vite
- **Web3**: Wagmi + Viem for wallet connections
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **State**: Local component state (no Redux)
- **Linting**: ESLint + Prettier

## Disclaimer

This is an educational simulation tool. It is not financial advice. The calculations are simplified and do not account for fees, taxes, or real-world market conditions.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect new app branding and features. Changed app description to highlight AdEx AURA integration and the focus on compound interest. Updated feature list for clarity, modified interactive scenarios for better user engagement, and added links to relevant resources. Enhanced instructions for using the app to improve user experience.

README.md, after:

# Aura Grow

AdEx AURA powered educational dapp that visualizes how time and interest shape your crypto growth.

Aura Grow is an educational dapp that demonstrates the power of compound interest using real data from the AdEx AURA API. It fetches your total wallet balance and uses it as the starting point to simulate how time and interest rates affect long-term growth.

Leveraging AdEx AURA insights, it demonstrates how small changes in interest rates can compound into substantial gains over time.

## Features

- **Web3 Wallet Connection**: Connect directly with popular wallets (MetaMask, Coinbase Wallet, WalletConnect)
- **Auto Wallet Sync**: Automatically updates when you switch accounts in your connected wallet
- **Wallet Integration**: Fetches total USD balance from AdEx AURA API using any EVM address or ENS name
- **Interactive Scenarios**: Explore compound interest growth across different rates (conservative, balanced, aggressive) and time periods (up to 35 years)
- **Real-time Visualization**: Clean line chart showing growth over time
- **Smart Caching**: 1-hour cache for API responses to improve performance
- **Fallback Options**: Manual amount input when API is unavailable

## Setup

1. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. **Optional: Set API Keys** (for enhanced functionality):

   ```bash
   # Create .env file
   echo "VITE_AURA_API_KEY=your_api_key_here" > .env
   echo "VITE_WALLETCONNECT_PROJECT_ID=your_project_id_here" >> .env
   ```

3. **Start development server**:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Build for production**:
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

## Usage

1. **Connect Wallet** (Recommended): Click "Connect Wallet" to connect directly with your Web3 wallet
2. **Manual Entry**: Alternatively, enter an EVM wallet address (0x...) or ENS name manually
3. The app fetches your total USD balance from AdEx AURA
4. Use the scenario controls to explore different interest rates and time periods
5. Watch your starting balance grow over time in the interactive chart

## API Integration

The app integrates with the AdEx AURA API to fetch wallet balances:

- **Endpoint**: `https://aura.adex.network/api/portfolio/balances?address=<addr>[&apiKey=<key>]`
- **Caching**: Responses are cached for 1 hour in memory + localStorage
- **Fallback**: If API fails, you can enter a manual amount

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 18 + TypeScript + Vite
- **Web3**: Wagmi + Viem for wallet connections
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **State**: Local component state (no Redux)
- **Linting**: ESLint + Prettier

## Links

- **AdEx AURA Hackathon**: [https://guide.adex.network/aura-hackathon](https://guide.adex.network/aura-hackathon)
- **AdEx AURA API**: [https://guide.adex.network/adex-aura-api/introduction](https://guide.adex.network/adex-aura-api/introduction)

## Disclaimer

This is an educational simulation tool. It is not financial advice. The calculations are simplified and do not account for fees, taxes, or real-world market conditions.
